Adding a harness for session resumption in regression test (#4706)
aws/s2n-tls: tests/regression/README.md

1. **lib.rs**
   - **test_set_config**: Builds a new s2n-tls config with a security policy, host callback and certs
   - **test_rsa_handshake**: Performs an RSA handshake in s2n-tls.

>    - **test_session_resumption**: Does two handshakes, setting a session ticket in the first and resuming it in the second

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **test_session_resumption**: Does two handshakes, the first handshake provides a session ticket, and then that session ticket is used to resume in the second handshake.
```

### test_rsa_handshake

Performs an RSA handshake in s2n-tls and validates the handshake process utilizing rsa_4096_sha512.

### test_session_resumption

> Performs an RSA handshake, setting a session ticket in the client. Then, measures the resumption utilizing the session ticket in a second RSA handshake and asserts that the client has resumed the session.

Reviewer: This is worded kind of weirdly. I would say something like "Performs a handshake with server authentication. Then performs a resumption handshake using the session ticket obtained from the previous handshake."
